this strategy Bears much in common with
earlier described psychodynamic models
of the grandiose false self just as in
dismissing avoidant attachment
individuals with grandiose narcissistic
presentations use an unconscious
strategy of ignoring the authentic needs
of the self there's an adaptation to
disavow subjective distress but just as
with avoidant children the distress
rages under the surface in effect
grandiose narcissism involves two models
of of self superimposed on each other
one is defensively positive while
underneath lies a negative model of self
that is hungry neglected needful chaotic
and filled with disavowed experiences of
rejection and intolerance of its own
attachment needs when the grandiose
model of self breaks down it exposes the
individual to the underlying negative
model of self and we call this
vulnerable narcissism